charts/guestbook-backend/README.md, before:

# guestbook-backend

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Guestbook Backend Service

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps `guestbook-backend` deployment on a [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Deploy

```console
helm install guestbook-backend /charts/guestbook-backend -f /charts/guestbook-backend/values.yaml -n [NAMESPACE]
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `5` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `2` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| autoscaling.targetMemoryUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| deployment.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| deployment.containerPort | int | `8080` |  |
| deployment.labels.tier | string | `"backend"` |  |
| deployment.name | string | `"backend"` |  |
| deployment.podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| deployment.replicas | int | `1` |  |
| deployment.strategy.rollingUpdate.maxSurge | int | `1` |  |
| deployment.strategy.rollingUpdate.maxUnavailable | int | `1` |  |
| deployment.strategy.type | string | `"RollingUpdate"` |  |
| deployment.terminationGracePeriodSeconds | int | `30` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override frontend.fullname |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"localhost:5000/python-guestbook-backend"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"latest"` |  |
| mongodb.auth.secretKeys.secretName | string | `"mongodb-credentials"` |  |
| mongodb.auth.secretKeys.userPasswordKey | string | `"USERDB_PASSWORD"` |  |
| mongodb.auth.username | string | `"guestbook-user"` |  |
| mongodb.database | string | `"guestbook"` |  |
| mongodb.host | string | `"guestbook-mongodb.mongodb"` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.image | string | `"docker.io/mongo"` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.securityContext.runAsUser | int | `999` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.tag | string | `"latest"` |  |
| mongodb.port | int | `27017` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override frontend.fullname |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| pdb.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| pdb.minAvailable | int | `1` |  |
| podSecurityContext.fsGroup | int | `1000` |  |
| probes.liveness.failureThreshold | int | `5` |  |
| probes.liveness.initialDelaySeconds | int | `30` |  |
| probes.liveness.path | string | `"/messages"` |  |
| probes.liveness.periodSeconds | int | `10` |  |
| probes.liveness.successThreshold | int | `1` |  |
| probes.liveness.timeoutSeconds | int | `3` |  |
| probes.readiness.failureThreshold | int | `5` |  |
| probes.readiness.initialDelaySeconds | int | `15` |  |
| probes.readiness.path | string | `"/messages"` |  |
| probes.readiness.periodSeconds | int | `5` |  |
| probes.readiness.successThreshold | int | `1` |  |
| probes.readiness.timeoutSeconds | int | `3` |  |
| resources.limits.cpu | string | `"500m"` |  |
| resources.limits.memory | string | `"512Mi"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"100m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"128Mi"` |  |
| securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"ALL"` |  |
| securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` |  |
| securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` |  |
| securityContext.runAsUser | int | `1000` |  |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `8080` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `false` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| tolerations | object | `{}` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.14.2](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2)

Commit message:

docs: add requirements to gueestbook-backend README

charts/guestbook-backend/README.md, after:

# guestbook-backend

![Version: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.0.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Guestbook Backend Service

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps `guestbook-backend` deployment on a [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Requirements

Before deploying this chart, please ensure:

1. Kubernetes secret exists in the target namespace with:
   - Name: `your-secret-name` (configurable via `mongodb.auth.secretKeys.secretName`)
   - Required keys:
     ```yaml
     USERDB_PASSWORD: "<your-mongodb-password>"
     ```

2. MongoDB is installed and accessible at the configured host (default: `guestbook-mongodb.mongodb`)

## Deploy

```console
helm install guestbook-backend /charts/guestbook-backend -f /charts/guestbook-backend/values.yaml -n [NAMESPACE]
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `5` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `2` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| autoscaling.targetMemoryUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| deployment.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| deployment.containerPort | int | `8080` |  |
| deployment.labels.tier | string | `"backend"` |  |
| deployment.name | string | `"backend"` |  |
| deployment.podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| deployment.replicas | int | `1` |  |
| deployment.strategy.rollingUpdate.maxSurge | int | `1` |  |
| deployment.strategy.rollingUpdate.maxUnavailable | int | `1` |  |
| deployment.strategy.type | string | `"RollingUpdate"` |  |
| deployment.terminationGracePeriodSeconds | int | `30` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override frontend.fullname |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"localhost:5000/python-guestbook-backend"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"latest"` |  |
| mongodb.auth.secretKeys.secretName | string | `"mongodb-credentials"` |  |
| mongodb.auth.secretKeys.userPasswordKey | string | `"USERDB_PASSWORD"` |  |
| mongodb.auth.username | string | `"guestbook-user"` |  |
| mongodb.database | string | `"guestbook"` |  |
| mongodb.host | string | `"guestbook-mongodb.mongodb"` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.image | string | `"docker.io/mongo"` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.securityContext.runAsUser | int | `999` |  |
| mongodb.initContainer.tag | string | `"latest"` |  |
| mongodb.port | int | `27017` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override frontend.fullname |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| pdb.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| pdb.minAvailable | int | `1` |  |
| podSecurityContext.fsGroup | int | `1000` |  |
| probes.liveness.failureThreshold | int | `5` |  |
| probes.liveness.initialDelaySeconds | int | `30` |  |
| probes.liveness.path | string | `"/messages"` |  |
| probes.liveness.periodSeconds | int | `10` |  |
| probes.liveness.successThreshold | int | `1` |  |
| probes.liveness.timeoutSeconds | int | `3` |  |
| probes.readiness.failureThreshold | int | `5` |  |
| probes.readiness.initialDelaySeconds | int | `15` |  |
| probes.readiness.path | string | `"/messages"` |  |
| probes.readiness.periodSeconds | int | `5` |  |
| probes.readiness.successThreshold | int | `1` |  |
| probes.readiness.timeoutSeconds | int | `3` |  |
| resources.limits.cpu | string | `"500m"` |  |
| resources.limits.memory | string | `"512Mi"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"100m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"128Mi"` |  |
| securityContext.capabilities.drop[0] | string | `"ALL"` |  |
| securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem | bool | `true` |  |
| securityContext.runAsNonRoot | bool | `true` |  |
| securityContext.runAsUser | int | `1000` |  |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `8080` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `false` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| tolerations | object | `{}` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.14.2](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2)
